Add baggage span processor component (#1290)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-contrib: baggage-processor/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Baggage Span Processor

> The BaggageActivityProcessor reads entries stored in Baggage from the parent context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BaggageSpanProcessor reads entries stored in Baggage from the parent context
```

> and adds the baggage keys and values to the `Activity` as tags(attributes) on start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and adds the baggage keys and values to the `Span` as attributes on start.
```

> Add this activity processor to a tracer provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add this span processor to a tracer provider.
```

Warning!

To repeat: a consequence of adding data to Baggage is that the keys and values
will appear in all outgoing trace context headers from the application.

> Do not put sensitive information in Baggage.

Reviewer 2: +💯

# OpenTelemetry Baggage Span Processor

The BaggageSpanProcessor reads entries stored in Baggage from the parent context
and adds the baggage keys and values to the `Span` as attributes on start.

Add this span processor to a tracer provider.

Warning!

To repeat: a consequence of adding data to Baggage is that the keys and values
will appear in all outgoing trace context headers from the application.

Do not put sensitive information in Baggage.

## Usage

Add the span processor when configuring the tracer provider.
By default baggage span processor will copy all baggage entries onto newly created spans.

For example:

```java
import io.opentelemetry.contrib.baggage.processor;
// ...

Tracer tracer = SdkTracerProvider.builder()
  .addSpanProcessor(new BaggageSpanProcessor())
  .build()
```

> A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a contructor paramter.

Author: ```suggestion
A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a constructor parameter.
```
